:bf:Whew! wow, not bad, but I did it!
:dad:See, not that impossible. Congratulations, you finished this week!..
:dad:We also would like to thank Madbrine for providing us the yoink of this particular chart and the voice file.
:dad:You see, no such (mods & vanilla) had this chart included before that exclusive 0.2.8.0 update.
:dad:And the voice inlcuded before was empty. only the instrumental there is here.
:dad:btw Kade Engine itself had their own test and more music we still haven't checked yet.
:dad:So yeah.
:bf:Okay, I began to be curious. What are you guys waiting for actually?
:dad:Right. So.. We are waiting for..,
:dad:Something. No, it's not just a something. that thing we are waiting for is called Something. brand name.
:bf:oooo!
:dad:Over the past few weeks, We have witnessed the upstream universe we were in contract right now. 
:dad:It's the latest update 0.2.8 that came out recently.
:bf:Okay, so?
:dad:The owner of the universe over there can release it fine for the so called HTML5. However,
:dad:When they tried to release it for the Native, it got trouble.
:bf:Ouch!
:dad:The video component with the last week there uses could not work, because original video extension only works for HTML5. 
:dad:The Native doesn't have the codec to handle this.
:bf:Too bad.
:dad:And so, We feel like they took this as an opportunity to bring all gamers to traffic on Newgrounds realm.
:gf:What happened next?
:dad:They also had started a crowdfunding campaign, and it is a big success.
:bf:Congratulations.
:dad:With that however, we.. were left. Abandoned. 
:dad: Their focus since then has been permanently locked for that drastic improvements.
:bf:Oh.
:dad:And they're going to milk the success with a wall in front, like they did previously. Oh, I remember that time when.
:bf:Uuu hmm.
:dad:yeah, I guess we gotta give up. The portal that supposed to open soon that bestow us the usual update, won't ever come.
:dad:Until forever. And if they do, it might be full of walls.
:bf: ...
:dad:Hey, ever you visited the Newgrounds realm?
:bf:We had! Ugh! that terrible tank guy, he held hostage my gf. Thankfully Pico got in to save us all.
:dad:Yeah, that's right. Just like Kaorfa described.
:gf:Hey, a little question. Could you please bring the realm here?
:dad:Great idea. Trouble is, it's forbidden by the owner of the universe. The mandate has not been expired yet.
:dad:Violate it, our realm will be trashed and that'll also destroy our universe. Scary.
:gf:ow!..
:dad:Therefore, we have reached the bad conclusion in this contract. But we are still observing.
:bf:...
:dad:Right, I guess we have to go. There still a lot of stuff to do in this observation contract. 
:dad:I'll see you around.
:bf:See ya!
:gf:See you later.
:dad:Oh yeah, if you need me, I've sent you my contact to your phone.
:bf:(open Phone beep notification)! whoah?... Hookx. Friendly Singing Robot.
:dad:SMS, Call, Signal, Telegram, Discord, except WhatsApp. Anytime.
:bf:Yeah thanks!
:dad:Right (leave scene), Great luck, God Bless You!